A small note about rc.conf and kld_list (#185)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: documentation/content/en/books/handbook/x11/_index.adoc

....
====

[TIP]
====

> If you're unfamiliar with the `/etc/rc.conf` file and the `kld_list` option, then checkout the link:https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?rc.conf[`rc.conf`] manpage and search for `kld_list`. Given the importance of this flag, it's important you make yourself familiar with its format in case you need to load multiple kernel modules in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're unfamiliar with the [.filename]#/etc/rc.conf# file and the `kld_list` variable, then see the man:rc.conf[5] manual page and search for _kld_list_.

If ever you're guided to _add_ or _create_ a `kld_list` line: take care to not create two or more lines. If multiple kernel modules are required, you must list them in a single line (as explained in the manual page). 
```

Reviewer 2: ```
The `/etc/rc.conf` file contents and its `kld_list` option are covered in the link:https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?rc.conf[`rc.conf`] manpage. Search `kld_list` and note this option is specified only one, but contains a list of modules to load. Directions to add or delete this option elsewhere are a shorthand for _adding_ or _removing_ modules from this list, or to _add_ it not yet present. Note that multiple lines with the same option cause the later lines to override the earlier ones, not for them to add to the list.
```
